# Next Generation Certificate Transparency:

## Software requirement

#### 1) Operating System: linux or WSL2
#### 2) go language 1.19 or above
#### 3) dos2unix
#### 4) tmux

## Function Documentation
Documentation + Function descriptions exist in each file/subfolder.

## Folders for implemetations:

**`config`**: Contains the layout of private and public json configuration files used by Monitors and Gossipers. 

**`crypto`**: Abstractions associated with CTng cryptographic implementations, and the cryptoconfig implementation.

**`gossip`**:  All gossiper related functions

**`monitor`**: All monitor related functions

**`ca`**: All ca related functions

**`logger`**: All logger related functions

**`client`**: All client related functions

**`util`**: a package that has no internal imports: helper functions and constants that are used throughout the codebase but prevents import cycles from occurring (import cycles are not allowed in go).

## Folders for Testing 


**`gen`**:
- generates all config files for all entities within the network topology
- The parameters are: 
1) Total number of Monitors/Gossipers
2) Threshold
3) Number of Loggers
4) Number of CAs
5) Number of certificates generated by each CA for each period
6) MMD: Maximum Merge Delay = Period length
7) MRD: Max Revocation Delay
8) Configuration path

#### Use case:
- `Gen.Generateall(4, 2, 3, 3, 1, 60, 60, "")` 

**`client_test`**: 
1) Contains all the config and data to test the just the client  
2) Can also server as unit testing for most functions from CA, Logger, Monitor and Gossiper. 
3) Does NOT involve any testing for any API

**`logger_ca`**: Contains all the config and data to test
1) Logger-CA API
2) Logger-Monitor API
3) CA-monitor API

**`network`**: Contains all the config and data to test
1) Logger-CA API
2) Logger-Monitor API
3) CA-monitor API
4) monitor-gossiper API
5) Inter-gossiper API

Note: those folders will also contain some output files after running the test

___

## Running the network test

Run `go install .` before continuing!

To run on Linux or WSL2:

- `sh 3344.sh`  

if the sh file format is not working, try 
- `dos2unix 3344.sh`

The test data includes 3 CAs, 3 loggers, 4 monitors, 4 gossipers

To close all tmux sessions, you can use command:

- `tmux kill-server`

To evaluate the output, navigate to the network folder and execute:

- `go test`

#### Note: let the system run for more than 3 min before you start the evaluation. 

### Licensing
Both imports we use, gorilla/mux and herumi/bls-go-binary, use an OpenBSD 3-clause license. as a result, we use the same Please see LICENSE in the outer folder for details.
